{"metadata":{"kernelspec":{"language":"python","display_name":"Python 3","name":"python3"},"language_info":{"pygments_lexer":"ipython3","nbconvert_exporter":"python","version":"3.6.4","file_extension":".py","codemirror_mode":{"name":"ipython","version":3},"name":"python","mimetype":"text/x-python"},"kaggle":{"accelerator":"none","dataSources":[],"isInternetEnabled":false,"language":"python","sourceType":"notebook","isGpuEnabled":false}},"nbformat_minor":4,"nbformat":4,"cells":[{"cell_type":"code","source":"The game was developed by adding a shortcut system to the points counter and the coin counter on the start screen so that when the number of numbers increases, they must expand and the design of their boxes is destroyed. So when the number in one of these two counters on the start screen exceeds 9900, i.e. 10,000, the largest number of numbers is deleted and k is added to express a thousand, so it becomes 10k to express a thousand, i.e. after adding it to the number 10, it becomes ten thousand. When 100 increases above ten thousand, the number 1 is added after the number 10 and a symbol is separated from the 10, and the letter k is written next to the 1 to become ten thousand and one hundred. When another hundred is added, the number 1 changes to the number 2 and so on. The number 10 is replaced when reaching 11,000 with the number 11. When reaching 100,000, one hundred thousand, we take the number 100 and delete the remainder to become 100k. When a thousand increases above one hundred thousand, we add one 1 next to the hundred 100 and between them a comma, to become 100.1k and so on. To reach the millions column, replace the letter k that represents thousands with the letter m that represents millions. Also, develop the game by reducing the font size of the title of the My Achievements pop-up window, which is in English. Do not change the size of the (My Achievements) font in Arabic. Also, develop the game by lowering the positions of the shooting and super acceleration icons slightly, and raise the position of the car slightly, bringing the location of the gunshots closer to the front of the car, and increase its density per second and increase its speed. Develop the product system, as no product should appear on the game screen when there is no remaining quantity of the number of pieces of that product in the store. The discount system must be monitored, as when each piece of any product is consumed during the game, it must be automatically deducted from the number of pieces remaining in the store, and this appears in the counter of the quantity of that remaining piece. And develop the game by developing the settings screen and developed the settings screen buttons and added graphical icons for all the buttons on the settings screen to reflect the icons of each button state in the style of the super sports nitro by generating them from the programming scripts and not from the keyboard, and develop the game by adding libraries and functions and all the tricks for the smoothness and flexibility of the game and smoothness of the game play and movement and animation. Make these modifications and solve the crisis and give me the full code","metadata":{"trusted":true},"outputs":[],"execution_count":null}]}